* Learning Objectives
Be able to build:
- safe and fault tolerant systems
- real-time systems
- distributed systems.
- concurrent systems
- low-power systems
Work in an industry environment:
- Setup a project from scratch
- Write automated tests.
- Use source control.
- Review code.
- Modify existing code base.
* Class format
5 minute case study presentation
20 minute discussion
Remaining time working in the lab.
- Pair programming
* Specifications Grading:
Specifications Grading (Nielson)
- Goal of assignments is to measure competency and mastery of a topic.
- Assignments are graded pass/fail. No partial credit.
- Each assignment will have a detailed specification that is required to be met.
- Unacceptable assignments can be retried
* Code assignment requirements
All code must pass automated tests, written by you.
All code must pass automated tests, provided by us.
All code must be committed to source control using git.
* Assignments
- Safety case study with presentation
- Labs
- Project to synthesize concepts
grade distribution for assignment completion.
* Safety case study
Short 5 minute presentation of a case study in critical failure in an embedded system.
- What went wrong and why?
- What could have been done to mitigate?
* Tooling
We will be using PlatformIO to provide toolchain, OS, HAL, and libraries.
We will be using Renode for testing with hardware emulation.
VSCode is the recommended IDE.
Operate on the command line.
* Cheating
We learn good practice by seeing good practice.
We learn good practice by critiquing bad practice.

What is not cheating:
Reading examples on the internet.
Working with other students
Reading other student's code.
Working with people from outside class.

What is cheating:
Copying code without understanding it.
